OSDOCS-8517 Storage & etcd bugs 4.15 GA (#71857)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-15-release-notes.adoc

[id="ocp-4-15-cloud-etcd-operator-bug-fixes"]
==== etcd Cluster Operator

> * Previously, the `cluster-backup.sh` script cached the `etcdctl` binary on the local machine indefinitely, making updates impossible. Now, the `cluster-backup.sh` script pulls the latest `etcdctl` binary each time it is run. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-19052[*OSDOCS-19052*])

Reviewer: Not sure if it's a definite rule, but suggestion to follow the typical wording I see elsewhere:
```suggestion
* Previously, the `cluster-backup.sh` script cached the `etcdctl` binary on the local machine indefinitely, making updates impossible. With this update, the `cluster-backup.sh` script pulls the latest `etcdctl` binary each time it is run. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-19052[*OSDOCS-19052*])
```
